### Estimator+ export(    estimator,    export_path,    checkpoint_path,    eval_result,    is_the_final_export)estimator: the Estimator to export.export_path: A string containing a directory where to write the export.checkpoint_path: The checkpoint path to export.eval_result: The output of Estimator.evaluate on this checkpoint.is_the_final_export: This boolean is True when this is an export in the end of training. It is False for the intermediate exports during the training. When passing Exporter to tf.estimator.train_and_evaluate is_the_final_export is always False if TrainSpec.max_steps is None.https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/estimator/Exporter    """    Best Exporter    """    # serving_input_receiver_fn = tf.estimator.export.build_parsing_serving_input_receiver_fn()    # best_exporter = tf.estimator.BestExporter(    #       name="best_exporter",    #       serving_input_receiver_fn=serving_input_receiver_fn,    #       exports_to_keep=5)    # best_exporter.export()            # best_checkpoint_export_path = os.path.join(FLAGS.output_dir, 'model-ckpt-', str(result_eval[0]['global_step']))    # ({'eval_accuracy': 0.6578125, 'eval_loss': 0.9205633, 'loss': 0.9205633, 'global_step': 30000}, [])    # print(best_checkpoint_export_path)    # - **estimator**: the `Estimator` to export.    # - **export_path**: A string containing a directory where to write the export.    # - **checkpoint_path**: The checkpoint path to export.    # - **eval_result**: The output of `Estimator.evaluate` on this checkpoint.    # - **is_the_final_export**: This boolean is True when this is an export in the end of training. It is False for the intermediate exports during the training. When passing `Exporter` to [`tf.estimator.train_and_evaluate`](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/estimator/train_and_evaluate) `is_the_final_export` is always False if `TrainSpec.max_steps` is `None`.    # best_export.export(checkpoint_path=os.path.join(FLAGS.output_dir, 'best'),    #                    estimator=estimator,    #                    export_path=FLAGS.output_dir,    #                    eval_result=result_eval,    #                    is_the_final_export=False)+ tensorflow bugs"""    if ckpt and ckpt.model_checkpoint_path:        if args.save_dir == ckpt.model_checkpoint_path:            saver.restore(sess=session, save_path=ckpt.model_checkpoint_path)  # 读取保存的模型        else:            project_name = 'Workspace-of-NLU'            print("args.dir is not ckpt path")            tmp_1 = args.save_dir.split(project_name)[0]            print(tmp_1)            tmp_2 = ckpt.model_checkpoint_path.split(project_name)[1].strip('/')            print(tmp_2)            tmp_path = os.path.join(tmp_1, project_name, tmp_2)            print(tmp_path)            saver.restore(sess=session, save_path=tmp_path)    else:        print("load model error")"""